hey guys and welcome back to another
video now this video I'm going to show
you guys how we can get six pets really
easy takes you under 10 minutes every
day you obtain these pets doing daily
quests all daily quests you need to be
at least level 70 to do so and the
location is right up here at the origin
tournament grounds now as you can see
all these completed quests are available
quests so there are in total 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 9 quests and you get the exactly 8
of the currency that you need the
currency that you need are these right
here this champions seal so you can get
eight of them true quests and you can
also get three of them doing anaerobic
dungeon now I'm going to show you which
one soon I'm just going to go ahead and
going to complete this to show you this
right here you can either choose to get
this which is to buy patches for
internment or you can get this a
champagne purse which will give you
either gold and you also have a small
chance to get the champion see you so I
would recommend to always take the purse
okay so let's go ahead and complete
these
here we go so yeah quests are right in
this heart right here
located here and now I'm gonna show you
guys the dungeon so the entrance is
right here so be sure to have it on
heroic it's really really easy so easy
the solo okay now the other quests are
in this hook right here and this is
where you buy your pets now you can get
six different pets you can get one from
this guy to Roebling you can also get
one for each faction so you get one here
you can also get these mounts if you're
interested in those going to take some
farm able to get them you can see all
these vendors cells but as you can see
companions so when it comes to price if
you're doing this for money that is the
pet sells for around five PLD CH it's
not really a lot but you can get at
least two pets a week as you get
fourteen a day you will get right over
and 90 of these each week and that's
without counting in the ones from the
bags I can actually check and see if I
get some from the bags is really low
though so that won't expect it
now I didn't get any but yeah
so I actually have 49 now so I'm going
to go ahead and I'm gonna by drilling
just that's the one sells for the most
of my server right now it's right under
7k gold
okay I believe that's it guys this was
just a short video for you guys if you
feel like doing some good old daily
quests again as I said it doesn't really
take long and this is probably more farm
for those of you that want to get your
all pets and all mounts as there are a
lot of Mount
and pets to get from doing this anyways
guys if you like the videos or the video
writer feel free to like and subscribe